## URECRUITED

Ace Every Interview Question with Confidence Inside Your Job Description

<div>
  <h2>Inspiration</h2>

<ul>
<li>In my career as a Software Engineer I have gone through various selection processes, and many times I couldn't properly communicate my skills. It wasn't due to a lack of technical competence, but because I wasn't prepared to answer questions clearly and concisely.</li>
<li>I have also seen excellent professionals miss out on certain opportunities simply due to a lack of interview preparation.</li>
<li>This was the inspiration to create URECRUITED, a tool that helps you prepare for your interviews efficiently, giving you the chance to practice the perfect response to clearly and concisely communicate your expertise.</li>
<li>You will have the opportunity to cover all the topics in your Job Description, receiving feedback on how to answer each question effectively based on your experiences and after answering it, you will receive detailed feedback on how to improve.</li>
</ul>

<h2>What it does</h2>

<ol>
<li><strong>Master Every Interview Question</strong>: Sharpen your answer to every question through our AI-powered interview. Practice and refine your answers to ensure you are ready for any scenario.</li>
<li><strong>Tailored Recommendations</strong>: Receive actionable tips on how to effectively showcase your skills and expertise for each specific question. Our recommendations are designed to help you stand out and make a lasting impression.</li>
<li><strong>Real-Time Feedback</strong>: Benefit from immediate, constructive feedback on your responses. Our real-time feedback mechanism helps you identify areas for improvement and provides practical tips to enhance your answers on the spot.</li>
<li><strong>Comprehensive Interview Results</strong>: Obtain a detailed summary of your interview performance, including strengths and areas for improvement.</li>
</ol>

<h2>How we built it</h2>

<p>To build URECRUITED, I used a combination of technologies:</p>

<ol>
<li><p>Backend:</p>

<ul>
<li><strong>Azure Web App</strong>: Hosts our web application, making sure it's always available and runs smoothly.</li>
<li><strong>Azure Cosmos DB</strong>: Stores and manages our interviews data.</li>
<li><strong>Azure OpenAI Services</strong>:

<ul>
<li><strong>GPT-4</strong>: Generates smart text responses to help you prepare for interviews.</li>
<li><strong>Embeddings</strong>: Helps find the most relevant AI responses by understanding text better.</li>
</ul></li>
<li><strong>Azure Speech Service</strong>:

<ul>
<li><strong>Text to Speech</strong>: Provides spoken feedback for your interview answers.</li>
<li><strong>Speech to Text</strong>: Lets you use your voice to interact with the app.</li>
<li><strong>Azure Blob Storage</strong>: Stores the audio files generated by Azure Speech Service</li>
</ul></li>
</ul></li>
<li><p>Frontend:</p>

<ul>
<li><strong>NextJS</strong>: Ensures our website loads fast and is easy to find on search engines.</li>
<li><strong>Tailwind CSS</strong>: Helps us quickly design a consistent and attractive user interface.</li>
<li><strong>Redux</strong>: Manages the app's state efficiently, keeping everything running smoothly.</li>
</ul></li>
</ol>

<h2>Challenges we ran into</h2>

<ul>
<li><strong>Creating JSON Prompts</strong>: Creating prompts that followed the JSON structure integrated with Azure OpenAI Services to cover all aspects of the app.</li>
<li><strong>Fields not being correctly populated</strong>: The issue was that using vague field names in the JSON structure often resulted in incorrect answers. By using highly descriptive and contextual field names, we achieved much better results.</li>
<li><strong>Integration Challenges</strong>: Coordinating various Azure services, the frontend, and the app's backend.</li>
</ul>

<h2>Accomplishments that we're proud of</h2>

<ul>
<li><strong>Seamless Azure Integration</strong>: We successfully integrated various Azure technologies, including Azure Web App, Azure Cosmos DB, and Azure OpenAI Services, to create a robust and scalable solution.</li>
<li><strong>Realistic Interview Experience</strong>: Our AI-powered tool provides realistic interview scenarios with high-quality recommendations and feedback, helping users to prepare effectively. I am really proud of that!</li>
<li><strong>Scalable and Easy Deployment</strong>: With Azure App Service, we ensured that our solution is easy to deploy and can scale when needed.</li>
<li><strong>Beautiful and User-Friendly UI</strong>: We designed a beautiful and user-friendly UI using NextJS and Tailwind CSS, ensuring a smooth and engaging user experience.</li>
</ul>

<h2>What we learned</h2>

<ul>
<li><strong>Leveraging New Technologies</strong>: Developing URECRUITED was an exciting journey that pushed me to leverage new technologies to address my difficulties with interviews.</li>
<li><strong>Empowered by the Right Tools</strong>: I discovered that having the right tools at my disposal significantly enhances my ability to deliver high-quality projects efficiently. I am really happy to decided to join this competition!</li>
<li><strong>Rich Toolset from Azure</strong>: I discovered many solutions through Azure technologies that for sure added a rich tools belt to use in my future projects.</li>
</ul>

<h2>What's next for URECRUITED</h2>

<ol>
<li><strong>Get Job Descriptions from Links</strong>: Allow users to easily import job descriptions directly from URLs.</li>
<li><strong>Implement User Accounts</strong>: Ensure that users can create accounts to keep their interview practices confidential and secure, providing a personalized experience.</li>
<li><strong>Introduce Multiple Voices and Language Support</strong>: Provide a variety of voice options and support for different languages.</li>
<li><strong>Enhance App Performance</strong>: Optimize the application to run more efficiently, ensuring a smoother and more responsive user experience.</li>
<li><strong>Integrate Vision Capabilities</strong>: Add features that utilize computer vision to further enhance the interview preparation process, offering innovative ways to practice and receive feedback.</li>
</ol>

</div>
# urecruited
# urecruited
# urecruited
